create peer dependencies docs. (#2)
wongnai/version-pong: README.md

* method - The method that perform for publishing library

> ### Peer Dependencies 

Reviewer: ชื่อหัวข้อว่า What is watchDependencies? ดีกว่ารึเปล่า

Author: ok

If your package need to define `peerDependencies`, add `target peer dependency package name` to `watchDependencies`

add `library name` to `watchDependencies`.

example

In `package.json`

```json
{
    "devDependencies": {
      "jest": "^26.0.1",
    },
    "watchDependencies": ["jest"]
}
```

Once version-pong is run with published command, it automatically generates `peerDependencies`.

example

In `package.json`

```json
{
    "devDependencies": {
      "jest": "^26.0.1",
    },
    "watchDependencies": ["jest"],
    "peerDependencies": {
      "jest": ">=26.0.1",
    }
}
```

#### Settings

* watchDependencies - List of `devDependencies` to be convert to `peerDependencies`.

> * peerDependencies -  Auto Generated Dependencies in `>=xx.xx.xx` version format with watchDependencies by version-pong.

Reviewer: peerDependencies เป็น auto generate field ไม่น่าต้องใส่ใน settings นะ

Author: อันนี้อยากอธิบายเรื่อง >=xx.xx.xx

* method - The method that perform for publishing library

### Peer Dependencies 

> If you need to generate Peer Dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your package need to define `peerDependencies`, add `target peer dependency package name` to `watchDependencies`
```

add `library name` to `watchDependencies`.

example

In `package.json`

```json
{
    "devDependencies": {
      "jest": "^26.0.1",
    },
    "watchDependencies": ["jest"]
}
```

> When ran command. you get Peer Dependencies.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you run version-pong published command, you will get generated Peer Dependencies.
```

> When you run version-pong published command, you will get generated Peer Dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once version-pong is run with published command, it automatically generates `peerDependencies`.
```

example

In `package.json`

```json
{
    "devDependencies": {
      "jest": "^26.0.1",
    },
    "watchDependencies": ["jest"],
    "peerDependencies": {
      "jest": ">=26.0.1",
    }
}
```

#### Settings

* watchDependencies - List of `devDependencies` to be convert to `peerDependencies`.

> * peerDependencies -  Generate `>=xx.xx.xx` version format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* peerDependencies -  Auto Generated Dependencies in `>=xx.xx.xx` version format with watchDependencies by version-pong.
```
